README.md, before:

music-box-paper
===============

Print your own strips for DIY music boxes.

Only for 15-note music boxes right now.

Tips On Printing
----------------

It's best to use 110-pound card stock or thereabouts.  Smooth, glossy
card stock works best, but regular card stock will work fine as well.
67-pound card stock might be okay.  Index cards might be iffy.

Regular printer/copy paper won't work with the music box mechanism,
but you can print these on it anyway to use them as worksheets.

What's a DIY music box?
-----------------------

It's a music box mechanism.  But instead of winding a spring-loaded
mechanism, it plays a tune as you crank the little handle.  And
instead of a pre-set tune, you get to punch holes in paper strips to
tell it what notes to play and when!

Where have these things been all my life?
-----------------------------------------

I don't know.  I first heard about these via a couple of Vi Hart
videos:

- [Folding Space-Time](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkmPDOq2WfA)
- [Möbius Music Box](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iMI_uOM_fY)

They're rather simplistic in that they have only 15 notes, spanning
two octaves, and don't have sharps or flats.  But some of the greatest
works of art are made because of, and not in spite of, the inherent
limitations of their medium.

Where do I get these?
---------------------

- [at Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Kikkerland-Make-Your-Own-Music/dp/B000HAUEFY)
- [at ThinkGeek](http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/8f7f/)

Are these the only ones that exist?
-----------------------------------

No.  [Grand Illusions] [1] sells 20-note, and 30-note [music boxes]
[2] in addition to the 15-note ones.

  [1]: http://www.grand-illusions.com/
  [2]: http://www.grand-illusions.com/acatalog/Music_and_Audio_Toys.html

Dimensions
----------

for 15-note music boxes:

- 41 mm wide

- 15 notes spaced 2mm apart across the strip.  low C note 6.5mm from
  edge; middle C note in center; high C note 6.5mm from other edge.

- beats 8mm apart along the strip

- punched holes 2mm diameter

Whatnot
-------

Short URL: [bit.ly/music-box-paper](http://bit.ly/music-box-paper)

Commit message:

add some more examples people have done

README.md, after:

music-box-paper
===============

Print your own strips for DIY music boxes.

Only for 15-note music boxes right now.

Tips On Printing
----------------

It's best to use 110-pound card stock or thereabouts.  Smooth, glossy
card stock works best, but regular card stock will work fine as well.
67-pound card stock might be okay.  Index cards might be iffy.

Regular printer/copy paper won't work with the music box mechanism,
but you can print these on it anyway to use them as worksheets.

What's a DIY music box?
-----------------------

It's a music box mechanism.  But instead of winding a spring-loaded
mechanism, it plays a tune as you crank the little handle.  And
instead of a pre-set tune, you get to punch holes in paper strips to
tell it what notes to play and when!

Where have these things been all my life?
-----------------------------------------

I don't know.  I first heard about these via a couple of Vi Hart
videos:

- [Folding Space-Time](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkmPDOq2WfA)
- [Möbius Music Box](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iMI_uOM_fY)

They're rather simplistic in that they have only 15 notes, spanning
two octaves, and don't have sharps or flats.  But some of the greatest
works of art are made because of, and not in spite of, the inherent
limitations of their medium.

More examples?
--------------

Some I did:

- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTzsO6_rhQY
- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Zym2dmDSFs
- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZAx4NiIzDo

More:

- [Search on YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=diy+music+box).

Where do I get these?
---------------------

- [at Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Kikkerland-Make-Your-Own-Music/dp/B000HAUEFY)
- [at ThinkGeek](http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/8f7f/)

Are these the only ones that exist?
-----------------------------------

No.  [Grand Illusions] [1] sells 20-note, and 30-note [music boxes]
[2] in addition to the 15-note ones.

  [1]: http://www.grand-illusions.com/
  [2]: http://www.grand-illusions.com/acatalog/Music_and_Audio_Toys.html

Dimensions
----------

for 15-note music boxes:

- 41 mm wide

- 15 notes spaced 2mm apart across the strip.  low C note 6.5mm from
  edge; middle C note in center; high C note 6.5mm from other edge.

- beats 8mm apart along the strip

- punched holes 2mm diameter

Whatnot
-------

Short URL: [bit.ly/music-box-paper](http://bit.ly/music-box-paper)
